Update readme with other companies house office postcodes (#25)
companieshouse/chips-filing-mock: README.md

It consumes [FilingReceived](https://github.com/companieshouse/chs-kafka-schemas/blob/master/schemas/filing-received.avsc) objects from a Kafka topic and calls the [Kafka API](https://github.com/companieshouse/chs-kafka-api) to process the filing.

The filing will automatically be accepted unless it matches one of the pre-determined reject criteria:

> - A change of address transaction using Companies House's post code (CF14 3UZ), (BT28BG), (SW1H9EX), (EH39FF).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A change of address transaction using one of the Companies House's post codes (CF14 3UZ, BT28BG, SW1H9EX, EH39FF).
```
